27.10,2019
1. Simplify the Method PythonExecuter.SendOrderSync
2. 

16.9.2019
1. Don't allow calculating a new lammps when just 2 Atoms are left
2. Just allow the User to create a structure consisting of one element
3. Allow the User to create a single new atom
 -> maybe check if it is in the structure, else forbid it
4. Allow the User to create a structure of one element 

15.9.2019
1. Delete Debug prints - DONE
2. Send changed positions only when they get changed - DONE
3. try/catch errors in Python and show them in Unity. - DONE
4. Maybe undo the last Unity activity 

11.9.2019:
1. write down which lines of code need a long time (write down the line and time they need) - DONE
2. Test it in Garching - DONE
3. Implement loading an empty structure
4. Implement creating a basic structure after loading an empty structure
5. Implement the period system for all elements

27.8.2019:
- increase loading time performance - DONE
- use json for data transfer between python and Unity
(- let controllers vibrate, eg. when pressing buttons or when moving atoms)

-periodic system, where you can get new atoms from
(-colour the atoms according to their warmth or energy)
-make a GUI
- make a file which tells Unity details about the pyiron structure:
  -> colordependancy, animation
(- delete the code needed for the slower mode of transfering data between Python and Unity)
- let the atoms react live
(- implement the animation of the trashcan (some information for this are in the documentation), instead of having the top of the can just being moved to the side)
- show the periodic boundary condition, and think of the details (show it just when moving an atom?)

(- bug: false positioning of structure after duplicating and when resizing)
(- try to get better performance when having many atoms)
- try to avoid large iterations
(- let the animation be interpolated)
(- bring the python program to PEP-8 standard and fix TODOs)
(- set the size of MyObjects to 0.3, not the size of the atomStructure)
(- implement extracting compressed position data in Unity)
(- fix bug that the awake of the lasergrabber is called after the start function of the other scripts 
  -> let the trashcan deactivate itself, instead of letting the lasergrabber do so)
- fix bug that just one controller (the left) can activate both ctrl_printers and that just the left controller can change the modes, but backwards, which happens sometimes if not both controllers are activated at the same time
  -> might be specific to the Vive
(- after the structure has been duplicated the whole structure gets moved away one time.)
(- check what happens if an controller deactivates itself after not being used for too long (could maybe happen in a presentation))

(- fix bug that the trigger Input of one controller gets sometimes send to both controllers, while the other controller can't do anything (not even use the touchpad I think), if they are initialised in the wrong order
  -> might be Vive specific)
- stop the 3D text from shining through other objects

- use this to start the 3D Beamer in the shell: *cd to Desktop* VABuild7_18VRAndBeamer.exe -vrmode Stereo


Seems to be gone:
- found a bug that I couldn't use the laser, after showing the controller printer, until it grabbed the structure
- when having something attached to both controllers the atom in the left hand flickers when moving the structure
- after moving the structure with the laser and the touchpad it sometimes teleports a bit
- fix bug atoms get added each frame (not much known about this bug yet, except that there are many atoms at one place where just one atom should be. might be stretched somehow

To take from Ulrichs Code:
(- get paths from environment variables)
- the UI
- Observer Pattern
- Rotate the structure
- Controller Management
- Periodic System
- internal

TODO:
Implement new Enum for Modes
Maybe implement ENUM for Lasergrabbers
Implement new View Mode
Fix Bugs
Write Comments and Docu
Delete unnecessary code

1.1.2020
-First Mode: Main Menu
Name of structure/Path
Start/Stop: Dreieck, Striche
Home Menu Title adden
-Home menu modes: Explorer + Structure Builder
Save/Discard Mock
Dropdown for MD/Minimize
-Simulate Button unten
The Lab als Background
-Project Explorer: Files untereinander statt nebeneinander
Controller Symbole fixen

25.3.2020
- Load Potentials from pyiron when going into Calculate mode
- Fix the AnimationController panel to the calculate panel
Load other attributes from the structure (temperature etc.)
Allow to Delete and Create a structure/job
Decide when the animation should be played
- Show last 4 Elements of the Path in Explorer
Check if job name exists + Option to delete
Fix bugs
Create name for job automatically
Allow to move the whole structure regardless of the mode
- Test out how it feelse when the UI is fixed at left controller
fix bug that atoms duplicate when going to project explorer again
Make the Structure Creator

MyBinder einrichten

28.3.2020
- neues Repository fuer den Python Teil einrichten
Script struktur von Papa abschauen
Bericht an Christoph Freysoldt schicken
- Neuen Build hochladen


Link erstellen
Auf den Master mergen
WebVR?

Todo:
  1. 	DONE Wenn struktur im Explorer ausgewählt: im Explorer bleiben
  2. 	DONE Struktur im Explorer anzeigen
  4. 	DONE Job Settings über format_job_settings laden statt die Attribute einzeln zu laden (gilt evtl auch für andere Panels)
  5. 	DONE Struktur im Calculator anzeigen
  6. 	DONE Animation rüber schicken, statt nur den ersten frame
  7. 	DONE Struktur an den richtigen stellen anzeigen/nicht anzeigen
  8. 	DONE Warum sieht die geladene Struktur so komisch aus?
  9. 	DONE Animation anzeigen
  10.	DONE AnimationController aufräumen
! 11. 	TODO Funktion zurückbringen:
    a 	DONE Atom verschieben
    b 	TODO Atom löschen
  12. 	DONE Save System implementieren
  13. 	DONE Send and handle error Vasp not implemented
  14. 	DONE Solve boundary box edge bug
  15. 	DONE look in joergs program how to extract the needed data from pyiron
  16. 	DONE Show correct temperature 
  17. 	DONE Check if there exists a job with the current name
  18. 	DONE Fix Thermometer
  19. 	DONEcheck in dict if it contains the key, if not: leave empty. Check in Unity if it is empty
  20. 	DONE Set delete button onHover color
! 21. 	TODO just allow to move single atoms in Structure Creator
  22. 	DONE show AnimationMenu when it should be active 
! 23. 	TODO Remove old code that has been replaced
  24.	DONE Keep the jobName correct to see if the job has been shifted or not
  24	DONE Check if there exists an job with the same jobName 
  25. 	DONE Remove the job with the same name if it ends with _shifted
  26.	DONE Remove the old job if the Delete Button gets pressed
  27. 	DONE Create a new job if no old job has been loaded
  28. 	DONE Delete the data of the last job when pressing the delete button
  29. 	DONE Set the structure to the one corresponding to the current frame when switching from the calculator to structure creator
- 30. 	LATER Add a Delete button in the Explorer to delete Folders or jobs
-    a	LATER Show which job is currently active
-    b	LATER Decide what to show when the job has been deleted to avoid a crash
! 31. 	TODO Optimize calls to python
  32. 	DONE Always send all settings in one file to Unity
  33.	DONE Send all settings after resetting/deleting the structure
  34.	DONE Dont crash if job has no output
- 35.	LATER Allow to delete jobs in the Explorer menu
  36. 	DONE Refresh Explorer OnModeStart
- 37. 	LATER Make it possible to create jobs in another Folder than structures
  38.	DONE Handle error when creating non cubic Fe structure job
  39. 	DONE Implement choosing the element by using the periodic table
- 40. 	LATER Implement a scrollbar for the explorer in case there are more structures than ther is space on the panel
- 41.	LATER Add minimize, md to job name
  42.	DONE Update documentation and batch file
- 43.	LATER moving atoms can cause an OutOfBounds Error
? 44.	FIXED? fix bug that no animations can be created
! 45.	TODO make an Error log
  46.	DONE Email lesen wie pyiron mit wsl installiert werden kann
  47.	DONE fix error that the wrong potentials get shown
! 48.	TODO make error messages prettier/better (make a panel with an ok button)
! 49.	TODO fix error that the server doesn't reset sometimes
  50.	DONE make a loading symbol
! 51. 	TODO allow to close error messages
  52.	TODO instantly show if the client is disconnected
  53. 	DONE automatically try to reconnect if the client is disconnected
! 53.	TODO execute actions after the data has been send to python and just if the transmission was successfull (to prevent inconsistency)
  54.	DONE deactivate the structure visually when sending with async
! 55.	TODO dont allow any actions for the structure if it is deactivated (or maybe with the controllers)	
! 56. 	TODO add function Init and attribute Button to the IButton Interface

Time needed for sending a Message sync to python: 0.05s


10.4.2020: (DONE)
Leave Structure Creator for later
Remember if a single atom has been moved
	if yes: delete the old job when going into Calculate mode
	if no: load the old job when going into Calculate mode

I think the following block is DONE:
To see if 
DONE a single has been moved: modifiedPositions=true
a new job has been loaded in explorer: modifiedPositions=jobNameEndsWithShifted()
(clicked reset structure in Structure creator: modifiedPositions = false)

There might be a better solution to the one above. SimulationMenuController should have an attribute jobName which gets set by the
structure creator onModeEnd or by the Explorer OnJobLoaded. The name ends with _shifted or not, therefore the simulationMenuController
knows whether to delete or load the old job

In structure mode:
	Make a dropdown (move, select, ...)
in Structure-select mode: a = ctrl, b = shift, grip-a = copy, grip-b = paste, trigger=left mouse
